<html lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<title>Exam Simulator</title>
	<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="resources/main.css" />
	<link href="resources/css/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" />
	<link rel="shortcut icon" href="resources/favicon.ico" />

<script type="text/javascript">

  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-20849655-4']);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();

</script>
</h:head>

<h:body>

	<div class="navbar navbar-inverse navbar-fixed-top">
		<div class="navbar-inner">
			<div class="container">
				<a class="btn btn-navbar" data-toggle="collapse"
					data-target=".nav-collapse"> <span class="icon-bar"></span> <span
					class="icon-bar"></span> <span class="icon-bar"></span>
				</a> <a class="brand" href="#">Exam Simulator</a>
				<div class="nav-collapse collapse">
					<ul class="nav">
						<li><h:link value="Questions" outcome="viewQuestion" /></li>
						<li><a href="http://www.piotrnowicki.com">PiotrNowicki.com</a></li>
					</ul>
				</div>
				<!--/.nav-collapse -->
			</div>
		</div>
	</div>

	<div class="container">
		<h1 style="margin-bottom: 20pt;">
			Exam Simulator <small>by Piotr Nowicki</small>
		</h1>

		<p>
			This test might help to test your knowledge before taking the <a
				href="http://education.oracle.com/pls/web_prod-plq-dad/db_pages.getpage?page_id=41&amp;p_exam_id=1Z0_894">Oracle
				Certified Expert, JEE 6: JSP and Servlet Developer Exam</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			Note that there are some well-designed and good quality SCWCD 5 mock
			exams already available <a title="JavaRanch SCWCD Mock Tests"
				href="http://www.coderanch.com/how-to/java/ScwcdMockTests">on
				the net</a> . However, the below questions, focus mainly on the new
			features which comes along with the <a
				title="JSR-315 Java Servlet 3.0 MR"
				href="http://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/mrel/jsr315/index.html">Servlets
				3.0 FR specification</a>.
		</p>
		<p>These questions were made to help myself in preparations for
			the new exam, so I hope that they can be used not only for testing
			purposes, but also as a learning material.</p>

		<h3>Source Code</h3>
		<p>
			All of the questions' source code was uploaded at my <a
				href="https://github.com/PiotrNowicki/OCE-JSP-and-Servlets-Developer-Mock-Exam">GitHub
				repository</a>, so feel free to check it. In each directory you’ll find
			<em>webapp</em> subdirectory which consists of ready-to-deploy
			exemplary code. If the question was related to the JAR files (i.e.
			web fragment questions), these will be located in the question’s main
			directory.
		</p>

		<h3>Reference</h3>
		<p>
			Most of the examples were tested on <a target="_blank"
				href="http://tomcat.apache.org/download-70.cgi"
				title="Apache Tomcat 7 website">Apache Tomcat 7</a> and some were
			tested on <a target="_blank"
				href="http://glassfish.java.net/public/downloadsindex.html#top"
				title="GlassFish 3.1 website">Glassfish v.3.1</a> and <a
				target="_blank" href="http://www.caucho.com/download/"
				title="Resin website">Resin 4.0.16</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			In the answers, the "Reference" section points relevant parts of the
			<a target="_blank"
				href="http://jcp.org/aboutJava/communityprocess/mrel/jsr315/index.html">Servlets
				3.0 Final Release specification</a> which should be helpful to
			understand the particular topic.
		</p>

		<h3>Feedback</h3>
		<p>
			If you can, after taking this test, please leave a comment about what
			do you think about the questions and/or click the <Q>like button</Q>
			if you liked it. It would be definitely nice to know that additional
			work put into this mock exam preparation was worth it! ;-)
		</p>
		<p>Have fun and good luck!</p>

		<p style="text-align: center;">
			<h:link outcome="viewQuestion" value="View questions"
				styleClass="btn btn-large btn-primary" />
		</p>
	</div>

	<script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-latest.js"></script>
	<script src="resources/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
</h:body>
</html>